Overview of the analysis: Explain the purpose of this analysis.
    The purpose of this analysis is to create an algorithm that predicts whether or not applicants will get their necessary funding.

Results: Using bulleted lists and images to support your answers, address the following questions.

Data Preprocessing
    What variable(s) are considered the target(s) for your model?
        IS_SUCCESSFUL, CLASSIFICATION
        These variables are crucial for creating an accurate algorithm. These variables help asses where the applicants fall along with whether or not it would be successful.

    What variable(s) are considered to be the features for your model?
        APPLICATION_TYPE, STATUS, ASK_AMT, SPECIAL_CONSIDERATIONS, AFFILIATION
        These variables are what the algorithm uses to teach itself and make a judgement with.

    What variable(s) are neither targets nor features, and should be removed from the input data?
        EIN, NAME, USE_CASE
        These variables are excessive and do not contribute to the overall model. 

Compiling, Training, and Evaluating the Model
    How many neurons, layers, and activation functions did you select for your neural network model, and why?
        0, 50, 1
        This selection seemed to yield the best results. I tried several option over the course 
        of testing and this selection seemed to be the best. 

    Were you able to achieve the target model performance?
        I was able to get close to the goal but after testing at least 15 different variations,
        the closest is could manage was 73% accuracy.

    What steps did you take to try and increase model performance?
        I adjusted the neuron, layers and the activation types on the layers. I also adjusted the number
        of epochs in hopes of getting a better result.

Summary: Summarize the overall results of the deep learning model. Include a recommendation for how a different model could solve this classification problem, and explain your recommendation.
    My recommendation would be to increase the number of layers in hopes that the results can be a little more accurate.
    The additional layers would allow for more processes to be run. In my testing I found linear to be useful in the early 
    layers but detrimental in the later layers. If we could do a combo of linear to start, relu in the middle, and then end
    with two layers of sigmoid I am confident we'd see an increase in results. 